[Docs][Voyager] Added a known-issue in PG and some missing entries from PG compatibility doc (#23906)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/yugabyte-voyager/known-issues/postgresql.md

```

---

---

### UNLOGGED table is not supported

**GitHub**: [Issue #1129](https://github.com/yugabyte/yugabyte-db/issues/1129)

> **Description**: If there are UNLOGGED tables in the source schema will error out in import schema with  below error as it is not supported in target YugabyteDB. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Description**: If there are UNLOGGED tables in the source schema, they will error out during the import schema with the following error as it is not supported in target YugabyteDB. 
```

```output
ERROR:  UNLOGGED database object not supported yet
```

> **Workaround**: Make it a LOGGED table and it should work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Workaround**: Convert it to a LOGGED table.
```
